JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening. I'm
Judy Woodruff.
Gwen Ifill is away.
On the "NewsHour" tonight: The
presidential
candidates zero in on Donald
Trump. Could
backlash over his comments about
abortion
influence women voters?
Then: how new computer software,
one app,
is giving high school students
cash for getting
good grades.
PRESTON SILVERMAN, Founder,
Raise.me: Instead
of waiting for four years to
find out if you're
going to receive any
scholarship, students
are getting a short feedback
loop each semester,
each grade they get.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And five of the
most prominent
women's soccer players file a
complaint that
they are being paid less than
the men's team,
despite bring in more revenue.
All that and more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: It's five days
until the Wisconsin
primary, and rivals in both
parties are turning
up the heat on Donald Trump.
After a rough 24 hours, the
Republican front-runner
stayed mostly out of the public
eye today.
Off the campaign trail, Donald
Trump spent
his day at meetings in
Washington. One was
with his foreign policy team, a
day after
he refused to rule out a nuclear
strike against
Islamic State militants.
CHRIS MATTHEWS, MSNBC: Can you
tell the Middle
East we're not using a nuclear
weapon on anybody?
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
I would never say that. I would
never take
any of my cards off the table.
CHRIS MATTHEWS: How about
Europe? We won't
use it in Europe?
DONALD TRUMP: I -- I'm not going
to take it
off the table.
CHRIS MATTHEWS: You might use it
in Europe?
(LAUGHTER)
DONALD TRUMP: No.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In fact, U.S.
presidents by
tradition do not rule out the
use of nuclear
weapons.
In that same televised town
hall, Trump also
said women who have abortions
should be punished
if they're ever made illegal.
Later, in a
new statement, he said the
physician, not
the woman, should face
penalties.
Today, Republican rival John
Kasich pounced
as he campaigned on Trump's home
turf, New
York City
GOV. JOHN KASICH (R-OH),
Presidential Candidate:
He becomes unmoored and then has
to spend
a lot of time trying to figure
out how to
correct all the mistakes that he
made. And
I have to tell you that, as a
commander in
chief, and leader of the free
world, you don't
get do-overs.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In Purchase, New
York, the
Democratic front-runner, Hillary
Clinton,
zeroed in on the abortion
comments.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
You know one of my favorite
Americans, Maya
Angelou, said, when someone
shows you who
they are, believe them.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: Donald
Trump is showing
us exactly who he is, and we
should believe
him.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Clinton's rival,
Bernie Sanders,
took on Trump's comments
indirectly in Pittsburgh.
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (VT-I),
Presidential Candidate:
All of you are aware of
Republicans running
all over the country talking
about family
values. And what they mean is no
woman in
this huge room, in this state,
in this country
should have the right to control
her own body.
I disagree.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JUDY WOODRUFF: For all of the
candidates,
the next big day of reckoning
looms Tuesday,
in primaries in Wisconsin.
We will talk with one of Donald
Trump's main
foreign policy advisers right
after the news
summary.
Parts of the South kept watch
today for heavy
thunderstorms and possible
tornadoes. Heavy
rainfall triggered flood watches
in Georgia
and Louisiana, and tornado
alerts in parts
of Mississippi, Alabama,
Tennessee, and Kentucky.
Last night, a tornado touched
down several
times in Northeastern Oklahoma.
It damaged
homes and businesses and injured
at least
seven people.
At least 21 people died in India
today when
an overpass that was under
construction collapsed.
It happened in a busy commercial
district
in Kolkata. More than 70 people
were injured,
with an undetermined number
still to be rescued.
Jonathan Miller of Independent
Television
News has our report.
JONATHAN MILLER: A frantic,
terrifying chaos
followed the Kolkata collapse,
as people tore
with their bare hands at twisted
reinforcing
steel and crumbled concrete to
free those
trapped and still alive.
A freshly concreted
300-foot-long section
of the flyover had given way,
crushing cars
and trucks and auto-rickshaws,
pinning pedestrians
and vehicle occupants under tons
of mangled
metal and cement.
CCTV footage caught the moment,
two yellow
ambassador taxis among the
vehicles crawling
along Burrabazar, then this.
Someone said
it sounded like a bomb
exploding. You can
see how many must have been
entombed in this
small area alone.
"There were loads of people
standing underneath,"
this man says. "Rickshaws,
taxis, everything
was buried."
Local residents as furious as
they were horrified.
"I can't tell you exactly why it
collapsed,"
this man says, "but it happened
because they
were trying to finish its
construction in
a rush."
"This is the state of our
engineering," she
says. "There is corruption
everywhere."
Tonight, the search-and-rescue
efforts have
continued under spotlights, the
army and specialist
teams deployed now, all as
recriminations
build in advance of next month's
state elections.
There are likely to be political
victims of
this tragedy as well.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The cause of the
incident is
now under investigation.
In Syria, there's word of one of
the deadliest
attacks since a cease-fire took
effect a month
ago. Opposition activists say at
least 23
people died in government
airstrikes that
hit near a school and hospital
just east of
Damascus. That area is divided
among various
factions.
Embattled South African
President Jacob Zuma
is facing more legal trouble.
The country's
highest court ruled today that
he failed to
uphold the constitution by using
more than
$20 million in state money to
upgrade his
private home. It's the latest in
a string
of claims that Zuma has abused
his power.
Back in this country, the North
Korean nuclear
threat dominated a meeting
between President
Obama and his counterparts from
Japan and
South Korea. It was the first
time they'd
met since the North's latest
nuclear and missile
tests.
Afterward, the leaders warned
their countries
could take new action to counter
any threats
from the North.
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
We recognize that our security
is linked,
that we have to work together to
meet this
challenge, and we also recognize
that it is
important to the entire
international community
to vigilantly reinforce the
strong U.N. security
measures that were passed in
light of some
of the ballistic missile and
nuclear activity
that Pyongyang has been engaging
in.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Mr. Obama also
met with Chinese
President Xi Jinping. We will
take a closer
look at the challenges Xi faces
at home after
the news summary.
In economic news, California
lawmakers approved
raising the state minimum wage
to $15. That's
the highest in the nation.
And Wall Street was mostly down.
The Dow Jones
industrial average lost 31
points to close
at 17685. The Nasdaq rose a
fraction, and
the S&P 500 slipped four.
And famed architect Zaha Hadid
died today,
in Miami, after a heart attack.
She was known
for bold, futuristic designs,
and was the
first woman to win
architecture's Pritzker
Prize. Hadid's work includes the
glittering
opera house in Guangzhou, China,
the curved
Heydar Aliyev center in Baku,
Azerbaijan,
and the London Aquatics Center
used for the
2012 Olympics. Zaha Hadid was 65
years old.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
a Donald
Trump foreign policy adviser on
the GOP front-runner's
world view; what is driving the
women's vote
for president this year; China's
president
in Washington amid unusual
public criticism
back home; and much more.
in Washington amid unusual
public criticism
back home; and much more.
We return now to politics, and a
look at where
the candidates stand on foreign
policy.
Tonight, we focus on Republican
front-runner
Donald Trump. He met with his
foreign policy
team earlier today.
And we are joined now by one of
the advisers
in that meeting. He's Walid
Phares. He was
an adviser to Mitt Romney in the
2012 campaign.
And, Mr. Phares, welcome to the
program.
WALID PHARES, Donald Trump
Foreign Policy
Adviser: Thank you very much.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You were just
telling me the
meeting went on for two hours.
Let's just get this on the
table. There's
been a lot of criticism lately
that Mr. Trump
is not well-informed when it
comes to international
affairs. How well-informed is
he?
WALID PHARES: Well, in this
meeting, we felt
that he was informed about many
actors and
players in the world.
Of course, he has to be informed
by his advisers
now, and, hopefully, if he wins,
by the actual
agencies. So he is collecting
that information,
collecting the assessment, and
focusing on
the most important and
priorities for him.
JUDY WOODRUFF: He's gotten some
headlines
lately for comments he's made
about the use
of nuclear weapons both in the
Asian theater
and in Europe toward ISIS. Would
U.S. policy
about the use of nuclear weapons
in any way
change under a President Trump,
do you think?
WALID PHARES: Well, let's pay
attention to
his words. He said, I won't rule
it out. It
won't be off the table, but then
there would
be an exception.
And the exception would be if in
a case that
terrorists would obtain nukes,
then maybe
his adviser will tell him, we
would need that.
But it is not going to change
our whole posture
with the Russians and the
Chinese and others
as well.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Is that because
he doesn't
want to take them off the table?
What is behind
that thinking?
WALID PHARES: In his doctrine
and probably
his in approach to all issues,
he doesn't
want to let go of any of the
options. It doesn't
mean that he's going to use that
option.
So, his new doctrine of national
security
is going to be one a little bit
wider in scenarios,
how to build those scenarios,
and how to react
to these scenarios.
JUDY WOODRUFF: He's also made
news in the
last few days with his comments
about NATO,
saying he thinks NATO should
pick up more
of the cost of its own defense.
Is that because
he thinks NATO is not under
serious threat
from Russia?
WALID PHARES: Actually, that's
another example
of how probably the perception
of what he
said is different from what he
meant.
That's why these important
meetings are very
helpful. What he meant by a NATO
review is
that NATO was created under --
during the
Cold War, and the posture
changed. Most of
the crises now are in the Levant
and North
Africa and other places. So, he
wants to restructure
the NATO alliance on the one
hand and then
restructure the policy towards
Russia as well.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Is that because
he thinks Russia
is not a serious threat?
WALID PHARES: He does believe
that Russia
-- we and Russia have serious
problems, serious
tensions, and he recognized them
in Ukraine,
in Crimea.
But he also knows that Russia is
also threatened
by the jihadists or by ISIS. And
it's threatened
even more than us. So he thinks
that that
could be an area where we can
collaborate
with the Russians against the
jihadists, while
we maintain our friendship and
alliance with
our partners in Europe.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, speaking of
the jihadists,
you were telling us that one of
the things
discussed today was a new
approach toward
ISIS. What could that look like?
WALID PHARES: That new approach
could be,
number one, having something to
do with a
collaboration, not just with
Russia, but also
maybe with China, with India,
with other African
countries, with Egypt.
So, increase the series of
coalitions in the
region on the one hand. On the
other hand,
the most important element
against ISIS may
well be an Arab coalition, and a
serious Arab
coalition that would actually do
the job on
the ground, but we need to be
helpful with
them.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But, as you know,
this administration
has tried to put together an
Arab coalition,
tried to get countries in the
region to work
together toward ISIS. It hasn't
happened.
How would Mr. Trump be able to
make it happen?
WALID PHARES: Because maybe the
reason for
why it didn't happen, one of the
reasons,
is the Iran deal, in the sense
that the administration
was very nervous about not
endangering the
Iran deal. And, therefore, the
Arab coalition
was very nervous about the Iran
deal.
Now it has been signed, so a new
era could
be opened with the Arab leaders.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, finally, I
want to ask
you, Mr. Phares, about a comment
made today
by the Chinese leader, Xi
Jinping, where I'm
just now seeing on the wires
he's saying words
to this effect, that he's not
going to allow
other nations to violate China's
sovereignty
in the South China Sea.
Of course, he's referring to the
dispute over
the islands there. How would a
President Trump
address China under these
circumstances?
WALID PHARES: Well, we're in the
primaries.
That's very, very early. And
even if he clinches
the nomination, it is going to
still be early,
because for these kind of
strategic decisions,
he would definitely need the
information available
at the agencies, within the
government, within
the defense agencies, and other,
of course,
allies.
But the posture is going to be,
national security
of the United States comes
first.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Walid Phares, who
is an adviser
to Donald Trump, we thank you
very much.
WALID PHARES: Thank you for
having me.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Another issue in
the spotlight
this week: women voters. In
2012, they made
up 53 percent of the electorate
in the presidential
race.
To check in on that crucial
voting bloc and
what is driving the thinking of
women voters
this year, we are joined by
Rebecca Traister.
She's a journalist and author of
"All The
Single Ladies: Unmarried Women
and the Rise
of an Independent Nation." Kelly
Dittmar,
she's a scholar at the Center
for American
Women and Politics at Rutgers
University.
And pollster Ann Selzer, she's
president of
Selzer & Company.
And we welcome all three of you
to the program.
Let me start with you, Kelly
Dittmar.
Remind us, how did American
women vote in
the last few presidential
elections?
KELLY DITTMAR, Rutgers
University: Sure.
So, there's a persistent gender
gap in terms
of women's support and
presidential vote choice,
where we see women more likely
to vote for
the Democratic candidate than
their male counterparts.
So, if you just look at 2012,
for example,
you see that women were
supporting Barack
Obama at about 55 percent, and
compared to
men at about 45 percent, so we
would call
that a 10-point gender gap.
And, of course, if you sort of
break that
down, you see even stronger
support among
women of color for Barack Obama
at 96 percent,
for example, among black women.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Ann Selzer, what
do we see
so far this year in how the
women's vote is
breaking down based on the exit
polls in these
primaries so far? And let's
start with the
Republicans.
J. ANN SELZER, Selzer & Company,
Inc.: Well,
we're just starting to see
things really kind
of coalesce here.
In terms of the primaries with
Bernie Sanders
and Hillary Clinton, she is
leading with women.
She's not necessarily leading
with younger
women. And so that really
remains her challenge
as she thinks about heading into
a general
election.
In terms of the Republican side
of this, what
you have is a stronger showing
by Cruz among
women and a stronger showing for
Trump among
men. He pretty much dominates
the male vote.
It's a two-point race between
Trump and Cruz
in terms of the primary vote.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Ann, just
quickly, has
that been consistent through the
primaries
or has that been shifting?
J. ANN SELZER: Well, what we
have been seeing
is the favorability shifting
quite a bit in
terms of Donald Trump in
particular, in that
he has started out from a
negative position
in terms of overall
favorability, and he's
only gotten more giving in terms
of how women
are rating him.
That -- women are the people --
that's the
constituency that elects
presidents, as we
just heard from the numbers of
Romney vs.
Obama, and for Donald Trump to
have an unfavorable
number in 60 percent among
women, that makes
it very hard for him to think
about winning
an election.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Rebecca Traister,
you have
been looking at what's driving
the women's
vote. As we mentioned, you have
written a
book about unmarried women, but
across the
board, what do you see women --
what is it
that motivates women when they
go to the polls?
REBECCA TRAISTER, Author, "All
The Single
Ladies: Unmarried Women and the
Rise of an
Independent Nation": Well, as
you said, you
know, I have been looking
specifically at
unmarried women, who make up a
huge part of
the electorate.
In 2012, they comprised --
unmarried women
comprised 23 percent of the
electorate, and
they seem to vote very far left.
I mean, they
voted for Barack Obama in 2012
-- again, it's
almost a quarter of the
electorate -- voted
for Barack Obama 67 percent to
31 percent.
And one of the things that I
think we're seeing
reflected on the Democratic
platform, both
Bernie Sanders and Hillary
Clinton are putting
forth all kinds of policies that
increasingly
making sense in a world in which
women are
living more independently from
marriage than
ever before, and those things
include the
increase in minimum wage.
Two-thirds of minimum-wage
workers are women,
half of them unmarried women.
Things like
paid leave, and better
subsidized early childhood
education and day care. Both
candidates are
talking about reducing college
costs. Of course,
you know, women are very
interested often
-- especially, those who lean
left are very
interested in protecting
reproductive rights,
which are obviously part of the
Democratic
-- those are strong Democratic
priorities.
So I think this election in
particular, you're
seeing a lot of people, a lot of
women voting
Democratic and talking about
their economic
concerns and wanting to see new
social and
economic programs that are going
to stabilize
their economic life.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And let me turn
back to Kelly
Dittmar about women voting in
the Republican
primaries.
It seems they're not necessarily
motivated
by the same things that are
motivating women
who turn out to vote Democratic.
KELLY DITTMAR: Yes, I think one
interesting
thing we have been seeing in
some of the polling
on the Republican side is that
there has been
a strong security push.
And we have talked in past
elections about
security moms as a certain
subset of voter,
but actually more so in this
election than
some. In elections in the past,
you have seen
some gender gaps in the
prioritization of
security-related issues, things
like concerns
about terrorism in light of
recent attacks
or concerns overall about
somebody's ability
to be commander in chief, and
that that seems
more important among Republican
women voters
than among Democratic women
voters.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Ann Selzer,
what would
you add to that about the
difference about
what's motivating women on the
Democratic
side and women on the Republican
side and
what's -- how they're making
these decisions?
J. ANN SELZER: Well, one of the
things, I
think, is the obvious women's
issues, we don't
really talk about them as
women's issues anymore.
We don't talk about the pay gap
as much as
we're talking about income
inequality.
There are ways in which sort of
the woman
part of women's issues is sort
of fading,
but it doesn't mean that that's
not important
to women anymore. It's more just
kind of the
hushed side of it that is the
feminism side
of some of those issues.
I will just add that our most
recent Bloomberg
Politics national poll, we did a
package on
trade and took a look at how
people are feeling
in the environment where
especially the Republicans
are talking about more
restrictions, tightening
up what is happening with free
trade. And
women are more protectionist --
this is women
overall, Republicans and
Democrats -- than
men.
So there are ways in which women
are responding
to issues very differently, and
this is shaping
up to be such a different
election for us
all, as we look at the way the
tea leaves
are falling.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What about that,
Rebecca Traister?
I mean, could this year turn
upside-down some
of the assumption about women,
whether they're
married or unmarried, as they
think about
whom to support?
REBECCA TRAISTER: Well, I think
the election
is already sort of offering a
whole set of
new choices. I don't think we
have ever had
a candidate like Donald Trump,
for instance.
I don't know whether he will
wind up the Republican
nominee or not.
But in terms of his style of
speaking, his
approach doesn't match previous
models. And,
of course, when it comes to
either Hillary
Clinton or Bernie Sanders,
you're looking
at candidates who are unlike
anything we have
ever seen before. And I think
that, in fact,
not only, in that she is a woman
and he is
a Jewish self-described
socialist, I think
you're also looking at a
Democratic platform
that is much further to the left
in general
in terms of a whole suite of
issues than we
have seen in recent memory.
And so I think a lot of
expectations are very
much up in the air. I think very
few people
could have predicted going in
and very few
people did predict Donald
Trump's success
or, for that matter, the
strength of Bernie
Sanders' campaign.
So, yes, I think we don't -- I
think it's
very hard to use old models to
predict what
is going to happen over the next
six months.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Kelly Dittmar,
just quickly,
as we look to the primaries that
are remaining
and the general election, is
there something
these candidates need to keep in
mind if they
hope to appeal to women across
the board?
KELLY DITTMAR: Well, I think one
thing is
to recognize, as everyone has
said tonight,
that women voters are not a
monolithic bloc.
And so when you're trying to
appeal to women
voters, you have to really
specify which women
you're trying to appeal to. And
so primary
electorates are going to be
different than
your general electorates. And
the messages
that you need to resonate with
Republican
women vs. Democratic women, or
women of color,
black women vs. white women in
many cases,
or unmarried vs. married women,
are going
to be different.
And I think candidates do a
disservice when
they try to target women as a
bloc and do
things that end up appearing
either patronizing
or sort of essentialist. And so
I think candidates
need to be looking at the
diversity among
women voters. And that's going
to get them
to the finish line, whether in
the primary
or the general election.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A good reminder,
as we wrap
this up. And, of course, we're
going to continue
to stay focused on the women's
and the men's
vote throughout this election.
But thank you, all three, Ann
Selzer, Rebecca
Traister and Kelly Dittmar.
KELLY DITTMAR: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour": the
rise of so-called
micro-scholarships; what's
behind the rapid
decline of Venezuela's economy;
and top female
soccer players take action
against unequal
pay.
But, first, as tensions mount
between the
United States and China over a
number of issues,
tensions within China are also
rising.
Hari Sreenivasan has the story.
HARI SREENIVASAN: For the
Chinese leader,
it's a moment on the world
stage, on issues
ranging from the growing
tensions over China's
military activity in the South
China Sea,
to Beijing's ability to rein in
North Korea's
nuclear efforts.
XI JINPING, Chinese President
(through translator):
Especially, we want to enhance
communication
and coordination on the Korea
nuclear issue
and other regional and global
issues, and
to consolidate and expand our
shared interests.
HARI SREENIVASAN: But Xi's
biggest challenge
may be back home, where there
are signs of
growing discontent. Partly, it's
economic,
a stock crash, sliding currency
values and
the weakest economic growth in a
quarter-century.
Outwardly, at least, Xi's
government has remained
upbeat.
LI KEQIANG, Chinese Premier
(through translator):
We are fully confident of
China's long-term
economic growth. The economy
will not suffer
a hard landing.
HARI SREENIVASAN: But Xi has
also raised hackles
with his crackdown on dissent.
Last month,
he visited state media
organizations, warning
that absolute loyalty to the
party is their
highest priority. That drew
criticism from
real estate magnate Ren
Zhiqiang, among others,
and his social media accounts
were suspended.
This month, a government-run Web
site posted
a letter calling for Xi's
resignation. It
was signed "Loyal Communist
Party Members."
Soon after, a number of people,
including
well-known columnist Jia Jia,
went missing,
apparently as part of an
investigation into
the letter's origin. Protesters
in Hong Kong
demanded to know his
whereabouts.
LEUNG KWOK-HUNG, Hong Kong
Lawmaker: I think
Xi Jinping stressed that China
should be and
will be ruled by law. But what
happened in
China after he is in power, he
threatened,
he arrests, and kidnapped all
kinds of activists
from different part of civic
society. Journalists,
lawyer, social worker are all in
-- on his
target.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Columnist Jia
has since
been released.
We explore the internal
divisions within China
with Christopher Johnson. He had
a two-decade
career at the CIA, where he
focused on China.
He's now at the Center for
Strategic and International
Studies. And Andrew Nathan is a
professor
at Columbia University. He's the
author and
editor of many books, including
"The Tiananmen
Papers."
Andrew, I want to start with
you.
How significant are these public
letters,
these internal dissents?
ANDREW NATHAN, Columbia
University: I think
they are very meaningful,
because I think
the key is that Xi is losing the
support of
the high levels of the Chinese
Communist Party.
They're not willing to rally
around him the
way that they did in the Mao
period.
It's a more critical time.
They're more independent.
He's demanding absolute loyalty,
and people
are no longer willing to offer
that.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Christopher
Johnson, do
you see this as a significant
threat to the
leadership of President Xi?
CHRISTOPHER JOHNSON, Center for
Strategic
and International Studies: I
don't. And I
would actually strongly disagree
with Dr.
Nathan's characterization of
sort of elite
support for Xi Jinping.
I think what is really important
to focus
on with these letters is, number
one, their
provenance. We have done some
work here on
CSIS, some forensic work, trying
to figure
out where these came from. And
our sense is
that they originated from
outside of China.
So the notion that there is a
core group of
elite members of the Communist
Party who are
pushing back on Xi Jinping and
asking him
to step down just doesn't seem
to be the case.
I think the other thing to
emphasize is that,
historically, when we have
looked at these
issues, when there is elite
fighting, the
faction or the group, if you
will, that leaks
to the outside first, especially
the Western
media, is usually the one that
is losing the
fight and ends up losing the
fight.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Andrew Nathan,
does it matter
if the letter was written -- it
was a homegrown
letter vs. one that was sent
from outside
activists?
ANDREW NATHAN: Well, there are a
number of
different documents, but
certainly it does
matter.
If they're just outside
activists hacking
these things onto Web sites
inside China,
then it's a very clever
operation, but it
doesn't signal a split in the
leadership.
What's very dangerous, though,
for the leadership
is if there is a split and it
comes out into
the open. That then sends a
signal to lots
of people in China who are
dissatisfied.
There are many people unhappy
because the
economy is slowing down and
because people
are losing jobs. Xi Jinping is
attacking the
state-owned enterprises to try
to force them
to be more efficient. He wants
to reorganize
the military. He has this big
anti-corruption
campaign.
So, we know there are a lot of
people who
are dissatisfied, but they're
afraid to do
anything. But if they see a
split in the leadership,
which is what people saw back in
1989, when
they view that split in the
leadership, there
is a real risk of social
disorder in China.
So, it does matter a great deal
whether these
documents reflect a real split
in the top
leadership. I'm not talking
about just ordinary
party members.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Christopher
Johnson, what
about the idea that the
centralizing of power
that the president has been
engaged in over
the past several months is
something of concern
to people who have had that
power taken away
from them?
Is there increased pressure on
him to give
some of that power back?
CHRISTOPHER JOHNSON: Absolutely.
I mean, what we see with
President Xi is a
rapid centralization of power.
He claims -- or,
you know, the body language is
that he's doing
so because there are very
difficult changes,
and what happened during his
predecessor's
tenure is that the government,
the senior
leadership, was overly
consensus-oriented,
and what that meant was that
they couldn't
get anything done.
And these problems of the
state-owned enterprises,
of debt, of environmental
degradation just
piled up and piled up. Xi
Jinping's solution
has been to centralize this
power. But the
real question is, is the
centralization of
the power a means to an end, an
end we may
all be able to live with in
terms of some
of these economic reforms
they're talking
about, or an end in and of
itself, and that
he is indeed a power-mad
megalomaniac like
Mao Zedong, which I strongly
doubt.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Andrew Nathan,
what about
that idea, that even if this
power is being
centralized, this is perhaps the
person that
the United States or everyone
else can deal
with?
Do you see these kind of
internal struggles
actually facing -- or creating a
threat for
him to lose power?
ANDREW NATHAN: Potentially, it
does.
I think that -- I agree with
Chris that Xi
was brought into power by the
previous leadership
because they needed a strong
leader to confront
all these of issues that I
mentioned before,
and he has been a strong leader.
But the trouble is, he's
responsible for the
results. And a lot of the
results have displeased
people, including the slowdown
of the economy.
I think Chinese -- other Chinese
top leaders
do not accept the idea that the
economy slowdown
is natural, necessary. Xi has
said: Our economy
is going to do great.
You had a clip from the premier
saying this.
And it's not really doing that
well. So, he
gets the blame for that. As
well, there is
a lot of pushback against his
foreign policy
in Southeast Asia. And so he's
responsible
for the results. And I think
it's -- he has
a hard job and it's not easy to
produce results
that satisfy other people.
So, that's where I think the
criticism is
coming from, especially from his
demand that
nobody can criticize him. That's
what this
dust-up is about, his saying
that others in
the party, they have to shut up
and take what
I give them.
That's where I think people are
no longer
willing to put up with it the
way they did
with Mao.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Christopher
Johnson, is
this par for the course?
CHRISTOPHER JOHNSON: You know,
my own sense
is that what we have to watch
here is, there
is going to be a major
transition in the Politburo
next fall. And Xi Jinping
clearly has a very
clear agenda as to what he wants
to do that.
The key indicators of how
powerful he is going
to be are, will he follow the
so-called rules
that have been followed in the
past with regard
to age, and will he signal a
succession, things
like this? This will tell us a
lot about how
significant this pushback is, as
Dr. Nathan
suggested?
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Christopher Johnson,
Andrew Nathan, thanks so much
for joining
us.
CHRISTOPHER JOHNSON: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It's hard to
overstate just
how expensive college can be,
more than $40,000
a year for a private school,
over $34,000
for an out-of-state public
school.
Many students do qualify for
greater financial
aid, but a start-up has come up
with a way
to let high school students earn
money for
college much earlier.
Economics correspondent Paul
Solman has the
story. It's part of his Making
Sense series,
which airs Thursdays on the
"NewsHour."
PAUL SOLMAN: At the engineering
classroom
of a top public magnet school in
Miami, Terra
High School, Sebastian Rodriguez
and his team's
entry in a national robot
competition.
SEBASTIAN RODRIGUEZ, Student:
You have to
pick up a lot of Wiffle balls
and stack them
into this canister here and then
be able to
propel them upwards into
6-foot-tall tubes.
PAUL SOLMAN: Turns out this
whole school is
as competitive as the robotniks.
You need
high grades and test scores just
to get in.
You don't get any extra money
for having built
a really cool robot, do you?
SEBASTIAN RODRIGUEZ: No, not at
all. Just
the fun of having to build a
robot.
PAUL SOLMAN: And why ask about
money? Because,
here, kids get paid for
achievements through
a college scholarship app called
Raise.me.
Senior Barbara Groh:
BARBARA GROH, Student: They call
them micro-scholarships,
and it's all based on your
portfolio, your
profile.
PAUL SOLMAN: Right.
BARBARA GROH: So, for different
aspects of
my profile, I can get different
amounts of
money from different schools. So
these are
all my AP classes.
PAUL SOLMAN: Are these your
grades?
BARBARA GROH: Yes. For getting
an A, you can
get $25 to $1,000, depending on
the school.
PAUL SOLMAN: More than 140
colleges and universities
already, from Florida state to
Oberlin, Penn
State to Notre Dame, using their
own formulas
to offer money in the form of an
eventual
merit scholarship for high
school achievements,
starting in ninth grade and
guaranteed, though
only if the student applies and
is actually
admitted.
Raise.me, a private company
funded by venture
capital and several foundations,
charges the
schools annual fees to
participate. The scholarship
money is provided by the schools
themselves.
Take an honors or an advanced
course.
BARBARA GROH: Participating in
an extracurricular
activity, taking the PSATs,
SATs, and also
for getting good scores, you can
get even
more money.
PAUL SOLMAN: More money for
immediate achievements,
says Raise.me's founder Preston
Silverman.
PRESTON SILVERMAN, Founder,
Raise.me: Instead
of waiting for four years to
find out if you're
going to receive any
scholarship, students
are getting a short feedback
loop each semester,
each grade they get.
ANEESH RAMAN, Raise.me: It's a
huge pool of
money that colleges are giving
out to kids
after they have applied, after
they have gotten
in, now goes to kids starting as
early as
ninth grade.
PAUL SOLMAN: Yes, it only goes
to them as
a promise, contingent on
acceptance, says
Raise.me vice president Aneesh
Ramen, but
no matter where they go:
ANEESH RAMAN: It motivates them
to do better
in high school and it prepares
them better
for college, so, when they go,
they actually
finish, get a diploma, find a
job, live the
American dream. That's the idea.
PAUL SOLMAN: Senior Sabrina
Rosell is one
of Terra's typically high
achievers. But,
like almost all the students
here, 40 percent
of whom qualify for federal
school lunch aid,
Rosell needs help to attend the
college of
her choice, nearby Florida
International.
It's relatively inexpensive,
but, then, she
has four siblings.
SABRINA ROSELL, Student: It may
look like
my family doesn't qualify for
financial aid,
but it doesn't mean that I can
just dish out
the $6,000 for tuition every
single year.
PAUL SOLMAN: The $8,000 she's
earned on Raise.me
thus far represents a fair chunk
of that tuition.
SABRINA ROSELL: It's just like
-- almost like
a gift in exchange for all of
our hard work.
PAUL SOLMAN: Rosell's fellow
students agree.
JUSTIN LEE, Student: I finally
found out something
that I can get from working
hard, besides
just the good feeling from
working hard, you
know?
PAUL SOLMAN: But if the students
at Terra
don't need the motivational
nudge of financial
incentives, even if most need
the money, students
elsewhere seriously need both,
says Raise.me
founder Silverman.
PRESTON SILVERMAN: We spend
almost all of
our time reaching out to schools
and school
districts that are serving
lower-income populations
and schools that serve a large
percentage
of first-generation college
students. Those
are the students that we're most
passionate
about supporting.
WOMAN: How many of you want to
go to college?
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
PAUL SOLMAN: OK, so, next
morning, we joined
a Raise.me reach-out rally at a
distinctly
non-magnet school, Carol City
High.
MAN: OK. Let's take some guesses
on how you
much you can earn for different
things on
Raise. Everyone who answers
right, we will
give you a prize.
How much do you guys think you
can get for
getting an A or a B in class?
(CROSSTALK)
PAUL SOLMAN: Carol City is just
a few miles
away from Terra, but in terms of
academic
motivation, a world apart. So
will financial
incentives work here?
ELONDRA JACKSON, Student: Yes, I
do think
people will try harder if they
knew, like,
the benefits of getting money to
go to college
and be successful in life.
PAUL SOLMAN: Christina Derby,
Carol City high's
valedictorian, doesn't need the
extra incentive.
But she too thinks Raise.me will
instill and
reinforce good habits.
CHRISTINA DERBY, Student: I
think, as the
money accumulates over time,
then kids will
be like I shouldn't fall down
and get behind
in my work. I should actually
work harder
and do more things, because, in
the end, it
will pay off.'
PAUL SOLMAN: But Kristin
Klopfenstein, who
studies the economics of
education, worries
that, for many kids, Raise.me
will simply
fall flat.
KRISTIN KLOPFENSTEIN, University
of Northern
Colorado: A lot of times, kids,
particularly
from disadvantaged backgrounds,
don't understand
the path from here to there. And
so just saying,
oh, we will reward you if you
pass this test,
the kids might get all excited
about the incentive,
but then they have no idea about
how to go
about actually achieving that
goal.
PAUL SOLMAN: Especially with so
many other
distractions.
WOMAN: Another instance of
violence hitting
too close to a Miami-Dade
school.
PAUL SOLMAN: Just hours after we
left Carol
City, there was a drive-by
shooting out front.
STUDENT: A bunch of kids just
started running,
because I heard like a shot,
like pop, pop,
pop. Security, everybody took --
getting inside.
KRISTIN KLOPFENSTEIN: I think
those kids face
an entirely different situation,
where, when
you're in an advantaged
background, from an
advantaged background, your time
horizon can
be much longer. You can be
looking forward
and planning for two, four years
down the
road: This is the college I want
to go to,
this is what I want to be when I
grow up.
If you talk to kids who are in
neighborhoods
and schools like you're talking
about, what
do you want to be when you grow
up, sometimes
the kids will scratch their
heads, and, you
know, I don't think that far
away. I may not
grow up.
PAUL SOLMAN: But Klopfenstein
does have an
alternative.
KRISTIN KLOPFENSTEIN: Rewards
for intermediate
actions that lead to positive
outcomes. So,
for reading books or doing
positive study
skills and behaviors that will
lead to higher
grades, I will give you $2 for
every book
you read. That has a tremendous
impact on
reading comprehension.
PAUL SOLMAN: At nearby Florida
International,
however, an urban public
university with 55,000
students, 60 percent of them
Hispanic, director
of admissions Jody Glassman says
Raise.me
had already had a positive
impact. It has
raised hopes for those who might
not have
otherwise applied.
JODY GLASSMAN, Florida
International University:
There's been so much hype. Is
the price of
a college education worth it?
Are you going
to be gainfully employed when
you graduate?
Are you going to graduate with
all of this
debt? And Raise.me really helps
us portray
to students that college is
affordable.
PAUL SOLMAN: And even to the
high-achieving
students at the magnet school,
it turns out,
Raise.me has had real value.
It's ratcheted
up even further the drive that
already spurs
them.
JUSTIN LEE: We're just always
competing with
each other. So if one of them
said, hey, I
have $80,000 to this school on
Raise.me, the
other one will say, well, I have
$82,000,
and we will just keep going at
it and trying
to see what we can add to it.
PAUL SOLMAN: For the "PBS
NewsHour," economics
correspondent Paul Solman,
reporting from
Miami.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now to Venezuela.
The oil-rich South American
nation is in the
throes of a deep economic
crisis, as its version
of socialism faces the crash in
global oil
prices and political turmoil.
Jeffrey Brown has our look.
JEFFREY BROWN: A symbolic
burning of the Judas,
something of an Easter tradition
in some Catholic
countries. Effigies of unpopular
figures are
set ablaze.
This year in Venezuela, those
figures were
politicians, including President
Nicolas Maduro
and a local mayor. But President
Obama wasn't
spared. The U.S. has long been a
favorite
target of Venezuelan anger.
And Venezuelans have much to
enrage them right
now. The global price of oil,
the country's
main commodity, has fallen
dramatically, crushing
the government's bottom line.
Meanwhile, the
Venezuelan Central Bank began
printing money
at record levels, the result,
massive inflation
in this socialist country.
The cost of consumer goods
increased 275 percent
last year, according to the
International
Monetary Fund. And that number
is expected
to double in 2016. Long lines
and empty shelves
have come to define life for
many, as well
as anger at the Maduro
government.
In elections last year, the
opposition party
won a majority of seats in the
national Parliament.
Earlier this month, after weeks
without water,
protests erupted in this San
Cristobal neighborhood.
Meanwhile, in Caracas, nurses
protested a
lack of medicines and equipment,
while, across
town, demonstrators called for
the president's
resignation.
And for a look at the crisis
facing Venezuela,
we welcome Scott Tong of public
radio's Marketplace.
He recently returned from a
reporting trip
there.
And Scott, I should say, was
formerly a colleague
of ours here at the "NewsHour."
So, first, welcome to you,
Scott.
SCOTT TONG, Marketplace: Thanks,
Jeff.
JEFFREY BROWN: Alright, so
Venezuela.
We hear about the impact of low
oil prices
on certain countries out there.
You saw it
up close. You describe a country
in economic
freefall. What does that look
like?
SCOTT TONG: Oil is everything
there; 96 percent
of their export revenue comes
from oil.
They hardly do anything else
there. And that's
one level of the problem there.
Since they
got oil 100 years ago, the
gusher came, and
it pushed out a lot of other
sectors, so they
don't make much domestically, so
everything
has to be imported now.
And so now the price of oil has
fallen. Two
years ago, it was over $110.
It's around $40
now. And so they don't have
dollars to import
the things. And so when you fly
there and
you get there you, you just see
lines.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, give me an
example.
SCOTT TONG: Everybody's in line.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes, everybody's
in line for
everything.
SCOTT TONG: For everything.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
SCOTT TONG: So, I traveled to
the Western
city of Maracaibo, which is the
original oil
city in Venezuela.
And there, I got there around
8:30 into a
line, and I ran into two
sisters. It was 8:30
in the morning, and they were
already in the
back. And they said, well, if
you want to
get in front, you're probably
there at 1:00
in the morning sleeping in line.
What they told me was, they make
minimum wage.
They sell empanadas in the
street and make
10,000 bolivars, which is 10
U.S. dollars
right now, per month. And they
didn't have
anything for lunch, so they had
to try to
find whatever they could at the
store. There
was no guarantee there was going
to be anything
on the shelves when they got
there, but they
were just going to see.
So, I went and I bought a hot
dog on the streets
of Caracas. It's called a
pepito. It's this
big gastronomic, coronary event,
right, with
all these things on top of it.
And the first
time I went, it was 900
bolivars. And I said,
I wanted to go back and get
another one. Three
days later, it was a 1,050.
So the prices just go up like
that. And I
talked the seller, and he said
well, the import
prices are going up like crazy.
Either he
has to stand in line like
everybody else does
to buy the ketchup and the other
things, or
he goes to the black market.
(CROSSTALK)
JEFFREY BROWN: Well, that's
where I wanted
to go next.
SCOTT TONG: Yes.
JEFFREY BROWN: Because when --
in many countries,
when you have these kinds of
shortages, it
means the black market
flourishes.
And you have been writing. I
have been reading
some of your blog posts about
that experience.
Right.
SCOTT TONG: In city of
Maracaibo, it's an
actual physical place. It's a
physical black
market.
So, you go behind the plantains
and the other
produce, and you see the illegal
things kind
of sitting on these little
tables. And people
are a little careful to sell
them, but it's
everything that you and I find
in aisle three
of the Safeway.
JEFFREY BROWN: Right.
SCOTT TONG: Toilet paper,
Pampers, kilo sack
of rice, corn flour for
breakfast. It's the
most basic things.
So we did a little math, my
translator and
I, and we found the average
markup was about
17 times the government-set
price. So, going
back to the people in line who
are making
minimum wage, to buy a big can
of milk, that's
a week of your salary.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, what kind of
response is
there from the government at
this point? What
are they able to do? What are
they doing?
SCOTT TONG: Well, the government
is split
right now.
The presidency -- the Socialist
Party is the
ruling party. It controls the
presidency.
The opposition won the
Parliament and won
the Congress. And so the
opposition wants
to get rid of President Maduro.
That's what
they keep talking about now.
When I was there, President
Maduro gave a
speech, a five-hour speech,
where he said,
OK, we're going to solve some of
our problems
by increasing the price of
gasoline, which
is almost free. And we're going
to modify...
(CROSSTALK)
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes, almost free.
It is truly
as cheap -- probably the
cheapest in the world.
Right?
SCOTT TONG: It is. Here's the
math.
So, under the new, more
expensive gasoline
price -- I did the math with my
translator
-- two tanks of gasoline is one
bottle of
water. It's free. And so these
reforms, to
most people, are meaningless,
because inflation,
by one estimate, the official
estimate is
180 percent. It could be 400.
The IMF says
it could be 700 this year.
Your money just isn't worth
anything right
now.
JEFFREY BROWN: And were you able
to -- how
much were you able to tell about
the impact
of what's happening economically
on the politics
there? Will the president -- how
much pressure
is he under? Will he survive?
SCOTT TONG: So, the people I
asked this question
to, they said, look, there are
two big questions
for 2016. Can the country pay
off its debt?
And, if it does, then it will
have hardly
any money left to import food
and medicine.
So, that's question one.
The other question is, what
happens to President
Maduro? His predecessor, Hugo
Chavez, was
beloved. He was charismatic. The
people in
the barrios, the slums, tears
come to their
eyes sometimes when they talk
about him. He
was truly a beloved figure.
Nicolas Maduro is charisma-less.
He doesn't
speak well, and now the economy
has just collapsed.
The question is, can the
opposition push through
the mechanisms in Congress and
get the signatures
to try to force him from power?
But that seems
to be their number one priority
now.
JEFFREY BROWN: Scott Tong of
"Marketplace,"
thanks so much.
SCOTT TONG: Thanks, Jeff.
JUDY WOODRUFF: When the U.S.
women's soccer
team won the World Cup last
year, there were
celebrations and acclaim for
their achievement.
But five members of that team
have now filed
a complaint with the federal
Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission. And they
say U.S.
soccer is practicing wage
discrimination.
The filing says, even though the
women's team
generated $20 million more in
revenue than
the men's team, the women earned
four times
less. The top women on the team
earn a salary
of $72,000, plus bonuses. But
the women say
the gaps in bonuses and other
pay is huge.
Women, for example, can earn
$99,000 if they
win at least 20 exhibition games
a year. Men
could earn $263,000 for doing
the same thing.
The women, including Hope Solo,
Carli Lloyd,
and Alex Morgan, appeared on The
Today Show
today.
HOPE SOLO, U.S. National Women's
Soccer Team:
I have been on this team a
decade-and-a-half,
and I have been through numerous
CBA negotiations,
and, honestly, not much has
changed. We continue
to be told we should be grateful
just to have
the opportunity to play
professional soccer
and to get paid for doing it.
And in this day and age, you
know, it's about
equality. It's about equal
rights. It's about
equal pay.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In a statement,
U.S. soccer
said it was disappointed. It
also said later
-- quote -- "We are committed to
and engaged
in negotiating a new collective
bargaining
agreement that addresses
compensation."
We look at this dispute with a
former goalie
for the U.S. women's team who's
played in
three World Cups, including the
championship
team in 1999.
Briana Scurry has long spoken
out on these
issues, and she joins me now.
And welcome back to the program.
BRIANA SCURRY, Former U.S.
Women's National
Soccer Team Member: Thank you
for having me.
It's great to be here.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, what is the
basis for this?
You and I were just talking. You
were saying
this goes back a while. How far
back does
it go?
BRIANA SCURRY: This goes back
decades.
Back when I first started being
on the team
in the late '90s, we had this
discussions
with the U.S. Soccer Federation.
At that time,
it was about massage therapists
and other
things like that. And, also,
getting paid
at all in general back then was
what -- was
the issue.
But now it seems, obviously,
that they want
equal pay to the men. But the
problem is,
is that U.S. soccer states
oftentimes their
thing is, hey, we sponsor the
women, we support
the women better than any other
federation
in the world.
They have been pushed to do
that. And that
is why they do that, because we
often had
to come to the table and do
different things
and try to get them to move the
bar higher,
like the women have done today.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We were struck --
or I was
struck by some of the things
women spoke about
today about playing on
artificial turf when
they said they were -- that's
more prone to
injury in that situation.
BRIANA SCURRY: Yes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What are some of
the factors
of life on the soccer circuit,
if you will,
for women?
BRIANA SCURRY: One of the issues
that you
mentioned just now was
artificial turf.
The women weren't allowed to
have their lawsuit
go through about being on the
turf. They weren't
allowed to give their opinion.
Even though
they found companies that were
willing to
replace artificial turf with
actual natural
grass, they weren't allowed to
do that. And
so that's one of the issues they
have had.
Over the years, you know,
different things
like hotel standards -- the
hotels aren't
as nice as the men play at, and
everything
like that. And, of course, now
is equal pay.
And that is the biggest
disparity that there
is right now.
JUDY WOODRUFF: How long have the
women players
known that their pay was that
different from
what the men are earning?
BRIANA SCURRY: I think they have
probably
known for a while.
But I feel like it's not until
recently that
they really got to see the
numbers. In the
past, the issue has always been,
well, we
don't need to pay you the same
as we pay the
men because you don't make
enough revenue
in order to sustain that pay.
Obviously, now that is no longer
the issue.
JUDY WOODRUFF: That's not the
case.
BRIANA SCURRY: It is not the
case anymore.
That is no longer the argument
that they can
give.
And so now I feel that they
should be allowed
to ask and get equal pay.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Why do you think
they are -- or
why are they resorting to going
to the federal
Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission?
Why not try to resolve this
through the league,
through U.S. soccer, through
their own union?
BRIANA SCURRY: I am pretty much
certain that
they have tried. They have
probably exhausted
every other avenue they could,
with the exception
of filing a lawsuit or a
complaint, with the
federation.
I mean, I'm sure they have gone
through several
rounds of negotiations in trying
to get the
U.S. Soccer Federation to move
in the right
direction of equal pay for equal
play. And
they're just not moving there.
So, to be honest, they probably
had their
last opportunity and last chance
to make this
happen, and this was it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Briana Scurry, I
was -- again,
I was struck by U.S. soccer's
statement. They
went, we're disappointed.
They went on to say -- they
said: "We are
proud of the commitment we have
made to building
the women's game in the United
States over
the past 30 years."
So, and, as we said, they made a
later statement
where they commented on
compensation. But
what do you make of their
reaction?
BRIANA SCURRY: It's the standard
reaction
they have always had.
It's unfortunate, because the
bar is so low
for every other federation in
the world, that
they can easily claim, yes,
we're the leading
company, we're the leading
standard in that.
But the problem is, is that,
over the last
several decades, we have had --
we, meaning
myself when I played -- we had
to push them
to a higher standard. And that's
because we
were winning Olympics, we were
winning World
Cups. And so they had to have
some sort of
equality for the women's team.
They really
couldn't ignore that.
And so they had to have a higher
standard
than every other country out
there for the
women's teams. And that's not
necessarily
a feather in their cap. It was
more so as
something that they were
obligated to do.
JUDY WOODRUFF: How do you think
is going to
end up being resolved? What is
your instinct?
BRIANA SCURRY: I really hope
it's resolved
after this lawsuit's been filed.
I really
hope it doesn't come down to the
women's team
feeling they have to strike in
order to get
their equal pay for equal play.
I really hope that they can come
to the table
again, hopefully soon, and get
this all resolved,
because I'm telling you right
now none of
those players that signed that
petition and
none of the players that play on
the team
want to be dealing with any of
this right
now.
They're in the process of
training for Olympic
Games. And that's what they
should be focusing
on.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Briana Scurry,
who is a former
goalie for the winning U.S.
women's soccer
team, thank you very much.
BRIANA SCURRY: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
online: Springtime
in Washington is unmistakably
pink, thanks
to the city's famous cherry
blossoms. We visited
the iconic Tidal Basin recently,
where the
trees were in peak bloom. And we
filmed a
360-degree view. You can watch
as the sun
rises over the Jefferson
Memorial, and you
can view the magnificent scenery
from all
sides.
Find that interactive video on
our home page.
It's PBS.org/NewsHour. Worth
looking at.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight. I'm
Judy Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening with Mark Shields and
David Brooks.
For all of us here at the "PBS
NewsHour,"
thank you, and good night.
For all of us here at the "PBS
NewsHour,"
thank you, and good night.